c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.dll
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.pdb
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.Repository.dll
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Model.dll
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.dll
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.Repository.pdb
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Model.pdb
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.pdb
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\obj\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\obj\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.dll
c:\users\soccolo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService.Domain\obj\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.Repository.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Model.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Model.pdb
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.pdb
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\obj\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\obj\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeagueService\LeagueService.Domain\obj\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.Repository.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Model.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Model.pdb
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.Data.pdb
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\obj\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\obj\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.dll
C:\Users\soccolo\Documents\GitHub\LeagueAPI\LeagueService.Domain\obj\Debug\LeagueService.Domain.pdb
